Take my name
I don't even look at my weight
Even if I get hurt
Clean up the two of you
It's a breeze.
Even if you can defeat these two things
So what?
Don't you forget
Outside this hotel
And my thousand good hands
You will be buried here today
You rats
I'll show you.
What is the real world?
Wushuang Xiao Wuji
You'd better not be dying
Think about it.
As long as you are willing to cut yourself once
I can stay still for a minute
Otherwise I will let him
Jiang Wenxing died in front of you with his own eyes
You are so despicable.
I never thought you were like this before
winner or loser
Even if it is used as a means
As long as you can kill Xiao Wuji
Even if a thousand people point
I don't care
I'm afraid you won't be able to do it this time
Brother Wuji, don't worry about me.
Life or death.
I will be by your side
Don't worry, we'll be fine.
They are Xiao Wuji
As an opponent
I admire your toughness
What a pity!
Always vulnerable in the face of absolute strength
Oriental Imperial Palace
Just rely on you to pair the owner's hands
Fan Yao you
Why are you here?